.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

[themeparkurl]: https://theme-park.dev
[![theme-park.dev](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GilbN/theme.park/master/banners/tp_banner.png)][themeparkurl]


<!--- Before submitting a pull request please check the following -->

<!---  If this is a fix for a typo (in code, documentation, or the README) please file an issue and let us sort it out. We do not need a PR  -->
<!---  Ask yourself if this modification is something the whole userbase will benefit from, if this is a specific change for corner case functionality/styling please look at making an addon instead. https://docs.theme-park.dev/themes/addons/sonarr/ -->
<!---  That if the PR is addressing an existing issue include, closes #<issue number> , in the body of the PR commit message   -->
<!---  You have included links to any files / patches etc your PR may be using in the body of the PR commit message -->

------------------------------

 - [ ] I have read the [contributing](https://github.com/GilbN/theme.park/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) guideline and understand that I have made the correct modifications

------------------------------

<!--- We welcome all PR’s though this doesn’t guarantee it will be accepted. -->

## Description:
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->
<!--- Add before and after screenshots of your changes -->

## Benefits of this PR and context:
<!--- Please explain why we should accept this PR. If this fixes an outstanding bug, please reference the issue # -->

## How Has This Been Tested?
<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes. -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Source / References:
<!--- Please include any forum posts/github links relevant to the PR -->

Commit message:

1.9.0 (#366)
* fix: :bug: Ombi: button fixes

* fix: :bug: Plex: Accent fixes

* style: :lipstick: plex theme-option: modal color change, add plex poster var

* fix: :bug: Deluge: statusbar color fix

* fix: :lipstick: Set placeholders to use wildcard

* import placeholder in all bases

* feat: :lipstick: Adds transparency vars

* fix: :bug: arr: CalendarDay-isToday- color fix

* fix: :bug: Bitwarden: Password generator fix, btn fix, bg fixes

* refactor: :art: arr: Refactor sonarr and radarr-base to use servarr-base.css

* Update PR template

* refactor: :art: Refactor lidarr, prowlarr,readarr, whisparr to use servarr-base.css

* fix: :bug: arr: move styling to servarr base

* fix: :lipstick: servarr: input background fix

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

[themeparkurl]: https://theme-park.dev
[![theme-park.dev](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GilbN/theme.park/master/banners/tp_banner.png)][themeparkurl]


<!--- Before submitting a pull request please check the following -->

<!---  If this is a fix for a typo (in code, documentation, or the README) please file an issue and let us sort it out. We do not need a PR  -->
<!---  Ask yourself if this modification is something the whole userbase will benefit from, if this is a specific change for corner case functionality/styling please look at making an addon instead. https://docs.theme-park.dev/themes/addons/sonarr/ -->
<!---  That if the PR is addressing an existing issue include, closes #<issue number> , in the body of the PR commit message   -->
<!---  You have included links to any files / patches etc your PR may be using in the body of the PR commit message -->

------------------------------

 - [ ] I have read the [contributing](https://github.com/GilbN/theme.park/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) guideline and understand that I have made the correct modifications

- PR's are done against the develop branch.
------------------------------

<!--- We welcome all PR’s though this doesn’t guarantee it will be accepted. -->

## Bug fixes

- When submitting bugfixes please show a before and after screenshot of the fix, and a description of what the fix does.

## Description:
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->
<!--- Add before and after screenshots of your changes -->

## Benefits of this PR and context:
<!--- Please explain why we should accept this PR. If this fixes an outstanding bug, please reference the issue # -->

## How Has This Been Tested?
<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes. -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Source / References:
<!--- Please include any forum posts/github links relevant to the PR -->
